Orange belt refactoring (#7)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: orange/regular-security-training-of-security-champions.md

*Security is a journey.*

> Let the Security Champion attend security trainings on a regular (e.g., yearly) basis and shares the key takeaways with the team, and other Security Champions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let the Security Champion attend security trainings on a regular (e.g., yearly) basis. The key takeaways from the training shall be shared with the team, and other Security Champions.
```

> Let the Security Champion attend security trainings on a regular (e.g., yearly) basis. The key takeaways from the training shall be shared with the team, and other Security Champions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let the Security Champion attend security trainings on a regular (e.g., yearly) basis. The key takeaways from the training shall be shared with the team and other Security Champions.
```
